# How to contribute

Third-party (and First-party for that matter) updates are a welcome
addition to the Fundamentals repository. The entire point of this repo
is to help guide beginners (or refresh journeyman) into common languages
as easily as possible. Because the tools we inform about are either
always or almost always multi-platform, we want to keep it as easy as
possible to contribute changes that get things working in your
environment. There are a few guidelines that we need contributors to
follow so that we can have a chance of keeping on top of things.

## Single focus commits

New additions offer the greatest chance for breaking existing
functionality or other materials, so it's recommended where possible to
make separate pull requests for specific areas you are making
adjustments to. For instance if you have work that goes across both
python, and java, 2 separate pull requests are the easiest way to make
sure everything gets in. This of course doesn't hold in every case, but
having separate requests makes it much easier to adjust the repo for an
issue than having to pull out everything that has been submitted in a
specific PR.

## Getting Started

* Make sure you have read [Getting Started][1]

## Making Changes

### Trivial Changes

For changes that are just small corrections (i.e. basic documentation
updates, renaming modules, etc...), an issue ticket doesn't need to be
created, but the Pull Request should still be fully filled out and
documented as much as possible. And we know you don't feel like a small
update needs to have much thought put in to the pull request, but just
humour us.

### Regular Changes

Any change that has an expected impact needs an issue related to it
created, and referenced as part of the pull request. The issue template
and pull request template should be enough to guide you through the
process. If they are not, you might guess how you would go about
updating both of those files.

[1]: ./../documentation/gettingStarted.md